BOOTP/DHCP client for klibc
---------------------------

Usage:

ipconfig [-c proto] [-d interface] [-n] [-p port] [-t timeout] [interface ...]

-c proto	Use PROTO as the configuration protocol for all
		interfaces, unless overridden by specific interfaces.
-d interface	Either the name of an interface, or a long spec.
-n		Do nothing - just print the configuration that would
		be performed.
-p port		Send bootp/dhcp broadcasts from PORT, to PORT - 1.
-t timeout	Give up on all unconfigured interfaces after TIMEOUT secs.

You can configure multiple interfaces by passing multiple interface
specs on the command line.  If you're autoconfiguring any, ipconfig
will wait until either all have been configured, or the timeout
passes.

PROTO can be one of the following, which selects the autoconfiguration
protocol to use:

not specified	use all protocols (the default)
dhcp		use bootp and dhcp
bootp		use bootp only
rarp		use rarp (not currently supported)
none		no autoconfiguration - either static config, or none at all

An interface spec can be either short form, which is just the name of
an interface (eth0 or whatever), or long form.  The long form consists
of up to six elements, separated by colons:

addr:server:gateway:netmask:interface:proto

addr		the local IP address
server		the server's IP address (doubles as DNS server)
gateway		default gateway
netmask		netmask
interface	name of the interface
proto		the autoconfig protocol to use, as outlined above

IP addresses and netmasks must be either absent (defaulting to zero)
or presented in dotted-quad notation.

An interface spec can be prefixed with either "ip=", "nfsaddrs=", both
of which are ignored.  These (along with the ugliness of the long
form) are present for compatibility with the in-kernel ipconfig code
from 2.4 and earlier kernels.

Here are a few examples of valid ipconfig command lines.

Try to configure eth0 using bootp for up to 30 seconds:
    ipconfig -t 30 -c bootp eth0

Configure eth0 and eth1 using dhcp or bootp, and eth2 statically:
    ipconfig -c any eth0 eth1 192.168.1.1::::eth2:none

--

From Russell's original README, and still true:

The code in main.c is yucky imho.  Needs cleaning.

--
Russell King (2002/10/22)
Bryan O'Sullivan (2003/04/29)
